Citi Research
Equities
03 Aug 2017 00:01:00 ET│ 11 pages Semiconductors
North America
Semiconductors
AMD Market Share in 2Q17 Declines 30 Basis Points Despite
Ryzen Ramp, Reiterate Sell
Yesterday, Mercury Research released its estimates for 2Q17 microprocessor
shipments and market share. Despite the ramp of its heralded Ryzen line of
microprocessors, AMD actually lost 30 basis points of market share. We remain
Sell-rated on AMD due to lack of profitability and valuation.
• Above seasonal MPU shipments in 2Q17. Desktop and notebook MPU shipments
increased 6% QoQ in 2Q17, above normal seasonality of flat QoQ as the PC
market remains strong. We expect Desktop and notebook MPU shipments to
increase 10% QoQ in 3Q17, below normal seasonality of up 13% QoQ.
Christopher Danely AC
+1-415-951-1885
christopher.danely@citi.com
Wayne Loeb
+1-415-951-1882
wayne.loeb@citi.com
Philip Lee, CFA
+1-415-951-1852
philip.h.lee@citi.com
• AMD MPU share down 30 basis points in 2Q17. AMD’s overall MPU unit share
decreased roughly 30 basis points QoQ from 7.5% in 1Q17 to 7.2% in 2Q17 due to
share losses in the desktop and notebook segments.
• Lower share in desktops and notebooks. AMD’s desktop MPU unit share was
down 40 basis points QoQ from 9.8% in 1Q17 to 9.4% in 2Q17 and AMD’s
notebook MPU share was down 40 basis points QoQ from 7.2% in 1Q17 to 6.8% in
2Q17. AMD’s server MPU share was up 20 basis points QoQ from 0.3% in 1Q17 to
0.5% in 2Q17.
• AMD’s share should increase in 3Q17…but not sustainable. We expect AMD’s
unit share to increase 120 basis points from 7.2% in 2Q17 to 8.4% in 3Q17 driven
by higher sales of its 14nm Ryzen processor. However, we do not expect share
gains to be sustainable as AMD’s 14nm processor was released more than two
years after its competitor released its first 14nm processor.
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
• Valuation near all-time high – reiterate Sell. AMD is trading at 2.8X C18E sales,
close to its peak despite losing money. We maintain our $5.00 price target based
on 1.0X C18E sales, above the trough due to higher sales but below the mid-point
due to lack of profitability.
See Appendix A-1 for Analyst Certification, Important Disclosures and non-US research analyst disclosures.
Citi Research is a division of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (the "Firm"), which does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a
result, investors should be aware that the Firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only
a single factor in making their investment decision. Certain products (not inconsistent with the author's published research) are available only on Citi's portals.
Semiconductors
3 August 2017 Citi Research
AMD Market Share in 2Q17 Declines 30 Basis
Points Despite Ryzen Ramp, Reiterate Sell
Yesterday, Mercury Research released its estimates for 2Q17 microprocessor
shipments and market share. Despite the ramp of its heralded Ryzen line of
microprocessors, AMD actually lost 30 basis points of market share. We remain
Sell-rated on AMD due to lack of profitability and valuation.
Above seasonal MPU shipments in 2Q17.
Desktop and notebook MPU shipments increased 6% QoQ in 2Q17, above normal
seasonality of flat QoQ as the PC market remains strong. We expect Desktop and
notebook MPU shipments to increase 10% QoQ in 3Q17, below normal seasonality
of up 13% QoQ.
As the following table illustrates, combined desktop and notebook MPU shipments
increased 6% QoQ in 2Q17, above normal seasonality of flat% QoQ. We expect
MPU shipments to increase 10% QoQ in 3Q17, below seasonality of up 13% QoQ.
Figure 1. Total PC Microprocessor Shipments (Desktop + Notebook), 2Q13-3Q17E*
2Q13 3Q13 4Q13 1Q14 2Q14 3Q14 4Q14 1Q15 2Q15 3Q15 4Q15 1Q16 2Q16 3Q16 4Q16 1Q17 2Q17 3Q17E
Total Client MPU 84.4 85.6 84.9 77.2 85.9 90.5 85.6 71.3 67.9 73.7 75.9 68.8 64.9 80.5 80.5 69.7 73.7 81.3
QoQ Growth 9% 1% -1% -9% 11% 5% -5% -17% -5% 9% 3% -9% -6% 24% 0% -13% 6% 10%
3-yr Average QoQ 1% 1% -4% -3% 2% 1% -4% -7% 7% 1% -4% -12% 5% 5% -1% -12% 0% 13%
Source: Mercury Research and Citi Research. *Estimates exclude tablets, phones, and gaming consoles
AMD MPU share down 30 basis points in 2Q17.
AMD’s overall MPU unit share decreased roughly 30 basis points QoQ from 7.5% in
1Q17 to 7.2% in 2Q17 due to share losses in the desktop and notebook segments.
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
As the following figure illustrates, AMD’s overall MPU unit share decreased roughly
30 basis points QoQ from 7.5% in 1Q17 to 7.2% in 2Q17 due to share losses in the
desktop and notebook segments. We expect AMD’s overall MPU share to increase
to 8.4% in 3Q17 due to higher sales of its new Ryzen processor.
2
Semiconductors
3 August 2017 Citi Research
Figure 2. AMD MPU Share, 1Q02-2Q17
30.0%
25.0%
20.0%
15.0%
10.0%
5.0%
0.0%
Server Desktop Notebook Total
Source: Mercury Research
Lower share in desktops and notebooks
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
AMD’s desktop MPU unit share was down 40 basis points QoQ from 9.8% in 1Q17
to 9.4% in 2Q17 and AMD’s notebook MPU share was down 40 basis points QoQ
from 7.2% in 1Q17 to 6.8% in 2Q17. AMD’s server MPU share was up 20 basis
points QoQ from 0.3% in 1Q17 to 0.5% in 2Q17.
AMD’s share should increase in 3Q17…but not
sustainable
We expect AMD’s unit share to increase 120 basis points from 7.2% in 2Q17 to
8.4% in 3Q17 driven by higher sales of its 14nm Ryzen processor. However, we do
not expect share gains to be sustainable as AMD’s 14nm processor was released
more than two years after its competitor released its first 14nm processor.
As the following table illustrates, we expect AMD’s unit share to increase 120 basis
points from 7.2% in 2Q17 to 8.4% in 3Q17 driven by higher sales of its 14nm Ryzen
processor.
3
Semiconductors
3 August 2017 Citi Research
Figure 3. AMD Microprocessor Unit Share, 1Q14-3Q17E*
1Q14 2Q14 3Q14 4Q14 1Q15 2Q15 3Q15 4Q15 1Q16 2Q16 3Q16 4Q16 1Q17 2Q17 3Q17E
Server 2.8% 2.2% 1.7% 1.3% 1.2% 0.8% 0.5% 0.6% 0.3% 0.4% 0.3% 0.3% 0.3% 0.5% 0.5%
Desktop 16.4% 15.0% 16.9% 11.8% 10.8% 10.3% 10.7% 10.6% 10.3% 8.9% 8.3% 8.3% 9.8% 9.4% 11.0%
Notebook 12.2% 11.8% 9.3% 10.2% 10.2% 4.9% 4.5% 5.8% 6.4% 6.7% 5.6% 7.6% 7.2% 6.8% 8.0%
Total MPU 13.5% 12.6% 11.9% 10.3% 9.8% 6.7% 6.5% 7.4% 7.5% 6.9% 6.0% 7.3% 7.5% 7.2% 8.4%
Source: Mercury Research and Citi Research. *Excludes tablets, phones, and gaming consoles
Valuation near all-time high – reiterate Sell
AMD is trading at 2.8X C18E sales, close to its peak despite losing money. We
maintain our $5.00 price target based on 1.0X C18E sales, above the trough due to
higher sales but below the mid-point due to lack of profitability.
Valuation – trading at the high-end of its historical range
As the following chart illustrates, AMD is trading at 2.8x our C18E sales estimate, at
the high-end of its historical range of 0.3X-3.0X. We believe AMD is fairly valued at
1.0X sales, a discount to its current multiple due to share loss and lack of
profitability.
Figure 4. AMD NTM P/S
3.0
2.5
2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
0.0
08/03/07 09/26/08 11/20/09 01/14/11 03/09/12 05/03/13 06/27/14 08/21/15 10/14/16
AMD P/S
Source: Factset, Citi Research
4
Semiconductors
3 August 2017 Citi Research
Advanced Micro Devices
(AMD.O; US$13.71; 3; 01 Aug 17; 16:00)
Valuation
We set our price target at $5.00 based on 1.0X C18E sales, below the mid-point of
its historical range of 0.3X-3.0X, due to share loss and lack of profitability.
Risks
Competition: AMD competes directly with Intel in the microprocessor market.
Consequently any fluctuations in market share between AMD and Intel could result
in risk to our estimates. AMD competes directly with NVIDIA in the graphics market.
Consequently any fluctuations in market share between AMD and NVIDIA could
result in risk to our estimates
PC End Market: AMD derives roughly 35% of sales from the PC industry, which is
highly dependent on IT spending. Therefore any major uptick/downtick in IT
spending could result in upside/downside to our estimates and rating for AMD.
Customer Risk: AMD’s derives roughly 35% of revenue from Sony and Microsoft.
As a result, any major increases/decreases in orders from Sony or Microsoft could
have a positive/negative effect on our estimates for AMD.
Valuation: While AMD is currently trading in line with its historical range, revisions
to Consensus revenue estimates could result in high volatility to AMD stock.
Tender Offer: Any public or private tender offer for all or part of AMD’s business
could drive the stock higher, and cause us to re-assess our rating.
If the impact on the company from any of these factors proves to be greater than we
anticipate, the stock will likely have difficulty achieving our target price. However,
should they be less than anticipated, the stock could trade above our target price.
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
5
Semiconductors
3 August 2017 Citi Research
Appendix A-1
Analyst Certification
The research analysts primarily responsible for the preparation and content of this research report are either (i) designated by “AC” in the author
block or (ii) listed in bold alongside content which is attributable to that analyst. If multiple AC analysts are designated in the author block, each
analyst is certifying with respect to the entire research report other than (a) content attributable to another AC certifying analyst listed in bold
alongside the content and (b) views expressed solely with respect to a specific issuer which are attributable to another AC certifying analyst
identified in the price charts or rating history tables for that issuer shown below. Each of these analysts certify, with respect to the sections of the
report for which they are responsible: (1) that the views expressed therein accurately reflect their personal views about each issuer and security
referenced and were prepared in an independent manner, including with respect to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and its affiliates; and (2) no part
of the research analyst's compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by
that research analyst in this report.
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. owns a position of 1 million USD or more in the debt securities of Advanced Micro Devices Inc
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. or an affiliate received compensation for products and services other than investment banking services from Advanced Micro
Devices in the past 12 months.
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. currently has, or had within the past 12 months, the following as clients, and the services provided were non-investmentbanking,
securities-related: Advanced Micro Devices.
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. currently has, or had within the past 12 months, the following as clients, and the services provided were non-investmentbanking,
non-securities-related: Advanced Micro Devices.
Disclosure for investors in the Republic of Turkey: Under Capital Markets Law of Turkey (Law No: 6362), the investment information, comments and
advices given herein are not part of investment advisory activity. Investment advisory services are provided by authorized institutions to persons and entities
privately by considering their risk and return preferences. Whereas the comments and advices included herein are of general nature. Therefore, they may
not fit to your financial situation and risk and return preferences. For this reason, making an investment decision only by relying on the information given
herein may not give rise to results that fit your expectations. Furthermore, Citi Research is a division of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (the “Firm”), which does
and seeks to do business with companies and/or trades on securities covered in this research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the Firm
may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report.
Analysts’ compensation is determined by Citi Research management and Citigroup’s senior management and is based upon activities and services intended
to benefit the investor clients of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and its affiliates (the “Firm”). Compensation is not linked to specific transactions or
recommendations. Like all Firm employees, analysts receive compensation that is impacted by overall Firm profitability which includes investment banking,
sales and trading, and principal trading revenues. One factor in equity research analyst compensation is arranging corporate access events between
institutional clients and the management teams of covered companies. Typically, company management is more likely to participate when the analyst has a
positive view of the company.
For securities recommended in the Product in which the Firm is not a market maker, the Firm is a liquidity provider in the issuers' financial instruments and
may act as principal in connection with such transactions. The Firm is a regular issuer of traded financial instruments linked to securities that may have been
recommended in the Product. The Firm regularly trades in the securities of the issuer(s) discussed in the Product. The Firm may engage in securities
transactions in a manner inconsistent with the Product and, with respect to securities covered by the Product, will buy or sell from customers on a principal
basis.
The Firm is a market maker in the publicly traded equity securities of Advanced Micro Devices.
6
Semiconductors
3 August 2017 Citi Research
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
For important disclosures (including copies of historical disclosures) regarding the companies that are the subject of this Citi Research product ("the
Product"), please contact Citi Research, 388 Greenwich Street, 28th Floor, New York, NY, 10013, Attention: Legal/Compliance [E6WYB6412478]. In
addition, the same important disclosures, with the exception of the Valuation and Risk assessments and historical disclosures, are contained on the Firm's
disclosure website at https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures. Valuation and Risk assessments can be found in the text of the
most recent research note/report regarding the subject company. Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation a history of all Citi Research recommendations
published during the preceding 12-month period can be accessed via Citi Velocity (https://www.citivelocity.com/cv2) or your standard distribution portal.
Historical disclosures (for up to the past three years) will be provided upon request.
Citi Research Equity Ratings Distribution
12 Month Rating Catalyst Watch
Data current as of 30 Jun 2017 Buy Hold Sell Buy Hold Sell
Citi Research Global Fundamental Coverage 47% 39% 13% 2% 97% 1%
% of companies in each rating category that are investment banking clients 64% 64% 58% 57% 64% 51%
Guide to Citi Research Fundamental Research Investment Ratings:
Citi Research stock recommendations include an investment rating and an optional risk rating to highlight high risk stocks.
Risk rating takes into account both price volatility and fundamental criteria. Stocks will either have no risk rating or a High risk rating assigned.
Investment Ratings: Citi Research investment ratings are Buy, Neutral and Sell. Our ratings are a function of analyst expectations of expected total return
("ETR") and risk. ETR is the sum of the forecast price appreciation (or depreciation) plus the dividend yield for a stock within the next 12 months. The
Investment rating definitions are: Buy (1) ETR of 15% or more or 25% or more for High risk stocks; and Sell (3) for negative ETR. Any covered stock not
assigned a Buy or a Sell is a Neutral (2). For stocks rated Neutral (2), if an analyst believes that there are insufficient valuation drivers and/or investment
catalysts to derive a positive or negative investment view, they may elect with the approval of Citi Research management not to assign a target price and,
thus, not derive an ETR. Analysts may place covered stocks "Under Review" in response to exceptional circumstances (e.g. lack of information critical to the
analyst's thesis) affecting the company and / or trading in the company's securities (e.g. trading suspension). As soon as practically possible, the analyst will
publish a note re-establishing a rating and investment thesis. To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Under Review and Neutral to Hold in our
ratings distribution table for our 12-month fundamental rating system. However, we reiterate that we do not consider Under Review to be a recommendation.
Investment ratings are determined by the ranges described above at the time of initiation of coverage, a change in investment and/or risk rating, or a change
in target price (subject to limited management discretion). At other times, the expected total returns may fall outside of these ranges because of market price
movements and/or other short-term volatility or trading patterns. Such interim deviations from specified ranges will be permitted but will become subject to
review by Research Management. Your decision to buy or sell a security should be based upon your personal investment objectives and should be made
only after evaluating the stock's expected performance and risk.
Prior to May 1, 2014 Citi Research may have also assigned a three-month relative call (or rating) to a stock to highlight expected out-performance (most
preferred) or under-performance (least preferred) versus the geographic and industry sector over a 3 month period. The relative call may have highlighted a
specific near-term catalyst or event impacting the company or the market that was anticipated to have a short-term price impact on the equity securities of
the company. Absent any specific catalyst the analyst(s) may have indicated the most and least preferred stocks in the universe of stocks under
consideration, explaining the basis for this short-term view. This three-month view may have been different from and did not affect a stock's fundamental
equity rating, which reflected a longer-term total absolute return expectation.
Catalyst Watch Upside/Downside calls:
Citi Research may also include a Catalyst Watch Upside or Downside call to highlight specific near-term catalysts or events impacting the company or the
market that are expected to influence the share price over a specified period of 30 or 90 days. A Catalyst Watch Upside (Downside) call indicates that the
analyst expects the share price to rise (fall) in absolute terms over the specified period. A Catalyst Watch Upside/Downside call will automatically expire at
the end of the specified 30/90 day period; the analyst may also close a Catalyst Watch call prior to the end of the specified period in a published research
note. A Catalyst Watch Upside or Downside call may be different from and does not affect a stock’s fundamental equity rating, which reflects a longer-term
total absolute return expectation. For purposes of FINRA ratings-distribution-disclosure rules, a Catalyst Watch Upside call corresponds to a buy
recommendation and a Catalyst Watch Downside call corresponds to a sell recommendation. Any stock not assigned to a Catalyst Watch Upside or Catalyst
Watch Downside call is considered Catalyst Watch Non-Rated (CWNR). For purposes of FINRA ratings-distribution-disclosure rules, we correspond CWNR
to Hold in our ratings distribution table for our Catalyst Watch Upside/Downside rating system. However, we reiterate that we do not consider CWNR to be a
recommendation. For all Catalyst Watch Upside/Downside calls, risk exists that the catalyst(s) and associated share-price movement will not materialize as
expected.
NON-US RESEARCH ANALYST DISCLOSURES
Non-US research analysts who have prepared this report (i.e., all research analysts listed below other than those identified as employed by Citigroup Global
Markets Inc.) are not registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA. Such research analysts may not be associated persons of the member
organization and therefore may not be subject to the FINRA Rule 2241 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and
trading securities held by a research analyst account. The legal entities employing the authors of this report are listed below:
Citigroup Global Markets Inc
Christopher Danely; Wayne Loeb; Philip Lee, CFA
OTHER DISCLOSURES
Any price(s) of instruments mentioned in recommendations are as of the prior day’s market close on the primary market for the instrument, unless otherwise
stated.
The completion and first dissemination of any recommendations made within this research report are as of the Eastern date-time displayed at the top of the
Product. If the Product references views of other analysts then please refer to the price chart or rating history table for the date/time of completion and first
dissemination with respect to that view.
7
Semiconductors
3 August 2017 Citi Research
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
European regulations require that where a recommendation differs from any of the author’s previous recommendations concerning the same financial
instrument or issuer that has been published during the preceding 12-month period that the change(s) and the date of that previous recommendation are
indicated. For fundamental coverage please refer to the price chart or rating change history within this disclosure appendix or the issuer disclosure summary
at https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures.
European regulations require that a firm must establish, implement and make available a policy for managing conflicts of interest arising as a result of
publication or distribution of investment research. The policy applicable to Citi Research's Products can be found
at https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures.
The proportion of all Citi Research fundamental research recommendations that were the equivalent to “Buy”,”Hold”,”Sell” at the end of each quarter over the
prior 12 months (with the % of these that had received investment firm services from Citi in the prior 12 months shown in brackets) is as follows: Q2 2017
Buy 32% (70%), Hold 45% (63%), Sell 24% (57%); Q1 2017 Buy 32% (70%), Hold 45% (63%), Sell 24% (56%); Q4 2016 Buy 31% (71%), Hold 45% (64%),
Sell 24% (58%); Q3 2016 Buy 32% (68%), Hold 44% (64%), Sell 24% (61%).
Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited and/or its affiliates may have, from time to time, actual or beneficial ownership of 1% or more in the debt
securities of the subject issuer.
Citi Research generally disseminates its research to the Firm’s global institutional and retail clients via both proprietary (e.g., Citi Velocity and Citi Personal
Wealth Management) and non-proprietary electronic distribution platforms. Certain research may be disseminated only via the Firm’s proprietary distribution
platforms; however such research will not contain changes to earnings forecasts, target price, investment or risk rating or investment thesis or be otherwise
inconsistent with the author’s previously published research. Certain research is made available only to institutional investors to satisfy regulatory
requirements. Individual Citi Research analysts may also opt to circulate published research to one or more clients by email; such email distribution is
discretionary and is done only after the research has been disseminated. The level and types of services provided by Citi Research analysts to clients may
vary depending on various factors such as the client’s individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communications from analysts, the
client’s risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g. market-wide, sector specific, long term, short-term etc.), the size and scope of the overall
client relationship with the Firm and legal and regulatory constraints.
Pursuant to Comissão de Valores Mobiliários Rule 483, Citi is required to disclose whether a Citi related company or business has a commercial relationship
with the subject company. Considering that Citi operates multiple businesses in more than 100 countries around the world, it is likely that Citi has a
commercial relationship with the subject company.
Securities recommended, offered, or sold by the Firm: (i) are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; (ii) are not deposits or other
obligations of any insured depository institution (including Citibank); and (iii) are subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal
amount invested. The Product is for informational purposes only and is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any
decision to purchase securities mentioned in the Product must take into account existing public information on such security or any registered prospectus.
Although information has been obtained from and is based upon sources that the Firm believes to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy and it may
be incomplete and condensed. Note, however, that the Firm has taken all reasonable steps to determine the accuracy and completeness of the disclosures
made in the Important Disclosures section of the Product. The Firm's research department has received assistance from the subject company(ies) referred
to in this Product including, but not limited to, discussions with management of the subject company(ies). Firm policy prohibits research analysts from
sending draft research to subject companies. However, it should be presumed that the author of the Product has had discussions with the subject company
to ensure factual accuracy prior to publication. All opinions, projections and estimates constitute the judgment of the author as of the date of the Product and
these, plus any other information contained in the Product, are subject to change without notice. Prices and availability of financial instruments also are
subject to change without notice. Notwithstanding other departments within the Firm advising the companies discussed in this Product, information obtained
in such role is not used in the preparation of the Product. Although Citi Research does not set a predetermined frequency for publication, if the Product is a
fundamental equity or credit research report, it is the intention of Citi Research to provide research coverage of the covered issuers, including in response to
news affecting the issuer. For non-fundamental research reports, Citi Research may not provide regular updates to the views, recommendations and facts
included in the reports. Notwithstanding that Citi Research maintains coverage on, makes recommendations concerning or discusses issuers, Citi Research
may be periodically restricted from referencing certain issuers due to legal or policy reasons. Citi Research may provide different research products and
services to different classes of customers (for example, based upon long-term or short-term investment horizons) that may lead to differing conclusions or
recommendations that could impact the price of a security contrary to the recommendations in the alternative research product, provided that each is
consistent with the rating system for each respective product.
Investing in non-U.S. securities, including ADRs, may entail certain risks. The securities of non-U.S. issuers may not be registered with, nor be subject to the
reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. There may be limited information available on foreign securities. Foreign
companies are generally not subject to uniform audit and reporting standards, practices and requirements comparable to those in the U.S. Securities of
some foreign companies may be less liquid and their prices more volatile than securities of comparable U.S. companies. In addition, exchange rate
movements may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in a foreign stock and its corresponding dividend payment for U.S. investors. Net
dividends to ADR investors are estimated, using withholding tax rates conventions, deemed accurate, but investors are urged to consult their tax advisor for
exact dividend computations. Investors who have received the Product from the Firm may be prohibited in certain states or other jurisdictions from
purchasing securities mentioned in the Product from the Firm. Please ask your Financial Consultant for additional details. Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
takes responsibility for the Product in the United States. Any orders by US investors resulting from the information contained in the Product may be placed
only through Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
Important Disclosures for Bell Potter Customers: Bell Potter is making this Product available to its clients pursuant to an agreement with Citigroup Global
Markets Australia Pty Limited. Neither Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited nor any of its affiliates has made any determination as to the suitability
of the information provided herein and clients should consult with their Bell Potter financial advisor before making any investment decision.
The Citigroup legal entity that takes responsibility for the production of the Product is the legal entity which the first named author is employed
by. The Product is made available in Australia through Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited. (ABN 64 003 114 832 and AFSL No. 240992),
8
Semiconductors
3 August 2017 Citi Research
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
participant of the ASX Group and regulated by the Australian Securities & Investments Commission. Citigroup Centre, 2 Park Street, Sydney, NSW
2000. Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited is not an Authorised Deposit-Taking Institution under the Banking Act 1959, nor is it regulated by the
Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. The Product is made available in Australia to Private Banking wholesale clients through Citigroup Pty Limited
(ABN 88 004 325 080 and AFSL 238098). Citigroup Pty Limited provides all financial product advice to Australian Private Banking wholesale clients through
bankers and relationship managers. If there is any doubt about the suitability of investments held in Citigroup Private Bank accounts, investors should
contact the Citigroup Private Bank in Australia. Citigroup companies may compensate affiliates and their representatives for providing products and services
to clients. The Product is made available in Brazil by Citigroup Global Markets Brasil - CCTVM SA, which is regulated by CVM - Comissão de Valores
Mobiliários ("CVM"), BACEN - Brazilian Central Bank, APIMEC - Associação dos Analistas e Profissionais de Investimento do Mercado de Capitais and
ANBIMA – Associação Brasileira das Entidades dos Mercados Financeiro e de Capitais. Av. Paulista, 1111 - 14º andar(parte) - CEP: 01311920 - São Paulo -
SP. If the Product is being made available in certain provinces of Canada by Citigroup Global Markets (Canada) Inc. ("CGM Canada"), CGM Canada has
approved the Product. Citigroup Place, 123 Front Street West, Suite 1100, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2M3. This product is available in Chile through Banchile
Corredores de Bolsa S.A., an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., which is regulated by the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros. Agustinas 975, piso 2,
Santiago, Chile. The Product is distributed in Germany by Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG ("CGMD"), which is regulated by Bundesanstalt fuer
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin). CGMD, Reuterweg 16, 60323 Frankfurt am Main. Research which relates to "securities" (as defined in the Securities
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)) is issued in Hong Kong by, or on behalf of, Citigroup Global Markets Asia Limited which takes
full responsibility for its content. Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd. is regulated by Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. If the Research is made
available through Citibank, N.A., Hong Kong Branch, for its clients in Citi Private Bank, it is made available by Citibank N.A., Citibank Tower, Citibank Plaza,
3 Garden Road, Hong Kong. Citibank N.A. is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. Please contact your Private Banker in Citibank N.A., Hong
Kong, Branch if you have any queries on or any matters arising from or in connection with this document. The Product is made available in India by
Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited (CGM), which is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), as a Research Analyst
(SEBI Registration No. INH000000438). CGM is also actively involved in the business of merchant banking, stock brokerage, and depository participant, in
India, and is registered with SEBI in this regard. CGM’s registered office is at 1202, 12th Floor, FIFC, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai
– 400051. CGM’s Corporate Identity Number is U99999MH2000PTC126657, and its contact details are: Tel:+9102261759999 Fax:+9102261759961. The
Product is made available in Indonesia through PT Citigroup Securities Indonesia. 5/F, Citibank Tower, Bapindo Plaza, Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 54-55,
Jakarta 12190. Neither this Product nor any copy hereof may be distributed in Indonesia or to any Indonesian citizens wherever they are domiciled or to
Indonesian residents except in compliance with applicable capital market laws and regulations. This Product is not an offer of securities in Indonesia. The
securities referred to in this Product have not been registered with the Capital Market and Financial Institutions Supervisory Agency (BAPEPAM-LK)
pursuant to relevant capital market laws and regulations, and may not be offered or sold within the territory of the Republic of Indonesia or to Indonesian
citizens through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer within the meaning of the Indonesian capital market laws and
regulations. The Product is made available in Israel through Citibank NA, regulated by the Bank of Israel and the Israeli Securities Authority. Citibank, N.A,
Platinum Building, 21 Ha'arba'ah St, Tel Aviv, Israel. The Product is made available in Italy by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, which is authorised by the
PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA. Via dei Mercanti, 12, Milan, 20121, Italy. The Product is made available in Japan by Citigroup Global Markets
Japan Inc. ("CGMJ"), which is regulated by Financial Services Agency, Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission, Japan Securities Dealers
Association, Tokyo Stock Exchange and Osaka Securities Exchange. Shin-Marunouchi Building, 1-5-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-6520 Japan. If
the Product was distributed by SMBC Nikko Securities Inc. it is being so distributed under license. In the event that an error is found in an CGMJ research
report, a revised version will be posted on the Firm's Citi Velocity website. If you have questions regarding Citi Velocity, please call (81 3) 6270-3019 for
help. The Product is made available in Korea by Citigroup Global Markets Korea Securities Ltd., which is regulated by the Financial Services Commission,
the Financial Supervisory Service and the Korea Financial Investment Association (KOFIA). Citibank Building, 39 Da-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul 100-180,
Korea. KOFIA makes available registration information of research analysts on its website. Please visit the following website if you wish to find KOFIA
registration information on research analysts of Citigroup Global Markets Korea Securities
Ltd. http://dis.kofia.or.kr/websquare/index.jsp?w2xPath=/wq/fundMgr/DISFundMgrAnalystList.xml&divisionId=MDIS03002002000000&serviceId=SDIS03002
002000. The Product is made available in Korea by Citibank Korea Inc., which is regulated by the Financial Services Commission and the Financial
Supervisory Service. Address is Citibank Building, 39 Da-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul 100-180, Korea. The Product is made available in Malaysia by Citigroup
Global Markets Malaysia Sdn Bhd (Company No. 460819-D) (“CGMM”) to its clients and CGMM takes responsibility for its contents. CGMM is regulated by
the Securities Commission of Malaysia. Please contact CGMM at Level 43 Menara Citibank, 165 Jalan Ampang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in respect
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the Product. The Product is made available in Mexico by Acciones y Valores Banamex, S.A. De C. V.,
Casa de Bolsa, Integrante del Grupo Financiero Banamex ("Accival") which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and is regulated by Comision
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Reforma 398, Col. Juarez, 06600 Mexico, D.F. In New Zealand the Product is made available to ‘wholesale clients’ only as
defined by s5C(1) of the Financial Advisers Act 2008 (‘FAA’) through Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 64 003 114 832 and AFSL No.
240992), an overseas financial adviser as defined by the FAA, participant of the ASX Group and regulated by the Australian Securities & Investments
Commission. Citigroup Centre, 2 Park Street, Sydney, NSW 2000. The Product is made available in Pakistan by Citibank N.A. Pakistan branch, which is
regulated by the State Bank of Pakistan and Securities Exchange Commission, Pakistan. AWT Plaza, 1.1. Chundrigar Road, P.O. Box 4889, Karachi-
74200. The Product is made available in the Philippines through Citicorp Financial Services and Insurance Brokerage Philippines, Inc., which is regulated
by the Philippines Securities and Exchange Commission. 20th Floor Citibank Square Bldg. The Product is made available in the Philippines through Citibank
NA Philippines branch, Citibank Tower, 8741 Paseo De Roxas, Makati City, Manila. Citibank NA Philippines NA is regulated by The Bangko Sentral ng
Pilipinas. The Product is made available in Poland by Dom Maklerski Banku Handlowego SA an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., which is regulated by
Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego. Dom Maklerski Banku Handlowego S.A. ul.Senatorska 16, 00-923 Warszawa. The Product is made available in the
Russian Federation through AO Citibank, which is licensed to carry out banking activities in the Russian Federation in accordance with the general banking
license issued by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and brokerage activities in accordance with the license issued by the Federal Service for
Financial Markets. Neither the Product nor any information contained in the Product shall be considered as advertising the securities mentioned in this
report within the territory of the Russian Federation or outside the Russian Federation. The Product does not constitute an appraisal within the meaning of
the Federal Law of the Russian Federation of 29 July 1998 No. 135-FZ (as amended) On Appraisal Activities in the Russian Federation. 8-10 Gasheka
Street, 125047 Moscow. The Product is made available in Singapore through Citigroup Global Markets Singapore Pte. Ltd. (“CGMSPL”), a capital markets
services license holder, and regulated by Monetary Authority of Singapore. Please contact CGMSPL at 8 Marina View, 21st Floor Asia Square Tower 1,
9
Semiconductors
3 August 2017 Citi Research
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
Singapore 018960, in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the analysis of this document. This report is intended for recipients who are
accredited, expert and institutional investors as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289). The Product is made available by The Citigroup
Private Bank in Singapore through Citibank, N.A., Singapore Branch, a licensed bank in Singapore that is regulated by Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Please contact your Private Banker in Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch if you have any queries on or any matters arising from or in connection with this
document. This report is intended for recipients who are accredited, expert and institutional investors as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap.
289). This report is distributed in Singapore by Citibank Singapore Ltd ("CSL") to selected Citigold/Citigold Private Clients. CSL provides no independent
research or analysis of the substance or in preparation of this report. Please contact your Citigold//Citigold Private Client Relationship Manager in CSL if you
have any queries on or any matters arising from or in connection with this report. This report is intended for recipients who are accredited investors as
defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289). Citigroup Global Markets (Pty) Ltd. is incorporated in the Republic of South Africa (company
registration number 2000/025866/07) and its registered office is at 145 West Street, Sandton, 2196, Saxonwold. Citigroup Global Markets (Pty) Ltd. is
regulated by JSE Securities Exchange South Africa, South African Reserve Bank and the Financial Services Board. The investments and services
contained herein are not available to private customers in South Africa. The Product is made available in the Republic of China through Citigroup Global
Markets Taiwan Securities Company Ltd. ("CGMTS"), 14 and 15F, No. 1, Songzhi Road, Taipei 110, Taiwan and/or through Citibank Securities (Taiwan)
Company Limited ("CSTL"), 14 and 15F, No. 1, Songzhi Road, Taipei 110, Taiwan, subject to the respective license scope of each entity and the applicable
laws and regulations in the Republic of China. CGMTS and CSTL are both regulated by the Securities and Futures Bureau of the Financial Supervisory
Commission of Taiwan, the Republic of China. No portion of the Product may be reproduced or quoted in the Republic of China by the press or any third
parties [without the written authorization of CGMTS and CSTL]. If the Product covers securities which are not allowed to be offered or traded in the Republic
of China, neither the Product nor any information contained in the Product shall be considered as advertising the securities or making recommendation of
the securities in the Republic of China. The Product is for informational purposes only and is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale
of a security or financial products. Any decision to purchase securities or financial products mentioned in the Product must take into account existing public
information on such security or the financial products or any registered prospectus. The Product is made available in Thailand through Citicorp Securities
(Thailand) Ltd., which is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand. 399 Interchange 21 Building, 18th Floor, Sukhumvit Road,
Klongtoey Nua, Wattana ,Bangkok 10110, Thailand. The Product is made available in Turkey through Citibank AS which is regulated by Capital Markets
Board. Tekfen Tower, Eski Buyukdere Caddesi # 209 Kat 2B, 23294 Levent, Istanbul, Turkey. In the U.A.E, these materials (the "Materials") are
communicated by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, DIFC branch ("CGML"), an entity registered in the Dubai International Financial Center ("DIFC") and
licensed and regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority ("DFSA") to Professional Clients and Market Counterparties only and should not be relied
upon or distributed to Retail Clients. A distribution of the different Citi Research ratings distribution, in percentage terms for Investments in each sector
covered is made available on request. Financial products and/or services to which the Materials relate will only be made available to Professional Clients
and Market Counterparties. The Product is made available in United Kingdom by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, which is authorised by the Prudential
Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA. This material may relate to investments or services of
a person outside of the UK or to other matters which are not authorised by the PRA nor regulated by the FCA and the PRA and further details as to where
this may be the case are available upon request in respect of this material. Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5LB. The
Product is made available in United States by Citigroup Global Markets Inc, which is a member of FINRA and registered with the US Securities and
Exchange Commission. 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013. Unless specified to the contrary, within EU Member States, the Product is made
available by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, which is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA.
The Product is not to be construed as providing investment services in any jurisdiction where the provision of such services would not be permitted.
Subject to the nature and contents of the Product, the investments described therein are subject to fluctuations in price and/or value and investors may get
back less than originally invested. Certain high-volatility investments can be subject to sudden and large falls in value that could equal or exceed the amount
invested. Certain investments contained in the Product may have tax implications for private customers whereby levels and basis of taxation may be subject
to change. If in doubt, investors should seek advice from a tax adviser. The Product does not purport to identify the nature of the specific market or other
risks associated with a particular transaction. Advice in the Product is general and should not be construed as personal advice given it has been prepared
without taking account of the objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor. Accordingly, investors should, before acting on the advice,
consider the appropriateness of the advice, having regard to their objectives, financial situation and needs. Prior to acquiring any financial product, it is the
client's responsibility to obtain the relevant offer document for the product and consider it before making a decision as to whether to purchase the product.
Citi Research product may source data from dataCentral. dataCentral is a Citi Research proprietary database, which includes the Firm’s estimates, data
from company reports and feeds from Thomson Reuters. The printed and printable version of the research report may not include all the information (e.g.,
certain financial summary information and comparable company data) that is linked to the online version available on the Firm's proprietary electronic
distribution platforms.
© 2017 Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi Research is a division of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi and Citi with Arc Design are trademarks and service
marks of Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates and are used and registered throughout the world. All rights reserved. The research data in this report is not intended
to be used for the purpose of (a) determining the price or amounts due in respect of one or more financial products or instruments and/or (b) measuring or
comparing the performance of a financial product or a portfolio of financial instruments, and any such use is strictly prohibited without the prior written
consent of Citi Research. Any unauthorized use, duplication, redistribution or disclosure of this report (the “Product”), including, but not limited to,
redistribution of the Product by electronic mail, posting of the Product on a website or page, and/or providing to a third party a link to the Product, is
prohibited by law and will result in prosecution. The information contained in the Product is intended solely for the recipient and may not be further distributed
by the recipient to any third party. Where included in this report, MSCI sourced information is the exclusive property of Morgan Stanley Capital International
Inc. (MSCI). Without prior written permission of MSCI, this information and any other MSCI intellectual property may not be reproduced, redisseminated or
used to create any financial products, including any indices. This information is provided on an "as is" basis. The user assumes the entire risk of any use
made of this information. MSCI, its affiliates and any third party involved in, or related to, computing or compiling the information hereby expressly disclaim
all warranties of originality, accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to any of this information. Without limiting
any of the foregoing, in no event shall MSCI, any of its affiliates or any third party involved in, or related to, computing or compiling the information have any
liability for any damages of any kind. MSCI, Morgan Stanley Capital International and the MSCI indexes are services marks of MSCI and its affiliates. The
Firm accepts no liability whatsoever for the actions of third parties. The Product may provide the addresses of, or contain hyperlinks to, websites. Except to
the extent to which the Product refers to website material of the Firm, the Firm has not reviewed the linked site. Equally, except to the extent to which the
10
Semiconductors
3 August 2017 Citi Research
Product refers to website material of the Firm, the Firm takes no responsibility for, and makes no representations or warranties whatsoever as to, the data
and information contained therein. Such address or hyperlink (including addresses or hyperlinks to website material of the Firm) is provided solely for your
convenience and information and the content of the linked site does not in any way form part of this document. Accessing such website or following such link
through the Product or the website of the Firm shall be at your own risk and the Firm shall have no liability arising out of, or in connection with, any such
referenced website.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Prepared for Rong Lu (research email)
11

